* Introduction *
Google Mail known as Gmail is a free email service provided by Google. It’s a tool that is accessible online through a web browser or by installing Gmail application on Android or Apple devices. Users can search for specific emails and organize them according to their requirements. After you set up an account on Google explore other Google apps like Google Drive, Google Calendar. Gmail supports plugins that enables customizing workflow and themes for individuals. The Offline feature of Gmail is the need of the hour. 
Gmail has made money transactions easy within Gmail accounts. An email request can be sent to receive money or send money. A google pay account is needed to send and receive money through Gmail. Currently, this money transaction feature through Gmail is available only in the US.
Gmail and Business
Gmail is SaaS (Software as a service) cloud computing service. Google hosts the email server and browser access is provided. Gmail provides paid professional email service G suite. A Gmail account with the company’s domain name becomes ad-free. A professional domain name Gmail builds customer trust. Businesses can benefit from unlimited Gmail, drive storage, and 24*7 Support. 
Features of Gmail
1. Multiple Language support and Mail Translations
Gmail has made it easy to communicate with people of different languages. Gmail allows you to compose emails in 105 languages using native keyboards and input tools. Right to left editing support is enabled in Settings for composing emails in languages like Arabic or Persian. The process of updating Gmail inbox to read messages in preferred language differs depending on the device. If Gmail discovers a mail that is not in your default language a translation bar is provided that is accessed by  icon of that particular mail. Using Transliteration, type phonetically in English and words will be replaced by their correct letters of the language.
Note: In this tutorial, all processes and steps are explained for computer devices only.
